Q1. What are the major features in different versions of Spring Framework?
Ans: Container - It maintain the lifecycle of object.It can create object.we dont need to create object manually.
         Dependency injection- Its use for a loose Coupling
         Integration with other frameworks.
        Transaction Management
         Aspect Oriented Programming(AOP)-is used for separating cross-cutting concerns (for example logging, security etc.) from the business logic of the application.
        Lightweight

Q2. What is a Spring Framework?
Ans: It is a Framework use to provide infrastructure Support to create High performance java Devloping Application.

Q3. List the advantages of Spring Framework?
Ans: Spring enables the developer to create high performing, reusable, easily testable and loose coupling enterprise Java application.

Q4. What are the different features of Spring Framework?
Ans: Aspected Oriented Programming
        Light Weight
        Dependency Injection
       IOC Container
Q5. How many modules are there in Spring Framework and what are they?
Ans:  20 modules
         The Spring framework comprises of many modules such as core, beans, context, expression language, AOP, Aspects,
         Instrumentation, JDBC, ORM, OXM, JMS, Transaction, Web, Servlet, Struts etc.

Q6. What is a Spring configuration file?
Ans: Spring configuration file is a file with . xml extension and the file contains information about the classes and interfaces and their dependencies. 
        Using this file the spring container controls the life cycle of a spring bean and also Dependency Injection is achieved.

Q7. What are the different components of a Spring application?
Ans: Spring Core, Spring AOP, Spring Web MVC, Spring DAO, Spring ORM, Spring context, and Spring Web flow.

Q8. What are the various ways of using Spring Framework?
Ans: xml-based configuration, when you describe configuration in xml file.
        java-based configuration, when configuration is Java class, marked with specific annotations.
        groovy-based configuration, when configuration is file with Groovy code.

Q9. What is Spring IOC Container?
Ans: Spring IoC Container is the core of Spring Framework. It creates the objects, configures and assembles their dependencies, manages their entire life cycle.
        The Container uses Dependency Injection to manage the components that make up the application.

Q10. What do you mean by Dependency Injection?
Ans: Dependency injection is a technique in which an object receives other objects that it depends on, called dependencies.
        Typically, the receiving object is called a client and the passed-in object is called a service.
